What's new in .NET 11 – Preview 4 docs update (#53689)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/whats-new/dotnet-11/overview.md

The .NET 11 runtime includes:

- Updated minimum hardware requirements for x86/x64 and Arm64 architectures, requiring more modern instruction sets to improve performance and reduce maintenance complexity.

> - Runtime-native async (Runtime Async), which produces cleaner stack traces and lower overhead. Starting with Preview 3, Runtime Async no longer requires `<EnablePreviewFeatures>true</EnablePreviewFeatures>` for projects that target `net11.0`. Starting with Preview 4, the runtime libraries themselves are compiled with runtime-async.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Runtime-native async (Runtime Async), which produces cleaner stack traces and lower overhead. Runtime Async no longer requires `<EnablePreviewFeatures>true</EnablePreviewFeatures>` for projects that target `net11.0`. The runtime libraries themselves are compiled with `runtime-async=on`.
```

> - JIT improvements for bounds check elimination, redundant checked context removal, switch expression folding, constant-folding `SequenceEqual`, and redundant branch elimination. Preview 4 also adds new Arm SVE2 intrinsics and improved hardware-intrinsic cost modeling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- JIT improvements for bounds check elimination, redundant checked context removal, switch expression folding, constant-folding `SequenceEqual`, and redundant branch elimination. There are also new Arm SVE2 intrinsics and improved hardware-intrinsic cost modeling.
```

- String and character manipulation, including Rune-based operations in <xref:System.String> and BFloat16 support in <xref:System.BitConverter>.
- Compression, including improved Base64 APIs, new methods for ZIP archive entries, Zstandard compression in <xref:System.IO.Compression?displayProperty=fullName>, and CRC32 validation when reading ZIP entries.
- System.Text.Json improvements, including generic type info retrieval, `JsonNamingPolicy.PascalCase`, per-member naming policy overrides, type-level ignore conditions, F# discriminated union support, and `Utf8JsonWriter.Reset` with options.
- Built-in OpenTelemetry metrics for `MemoryCache`.
- Discriminated-union scaffolding (`UnionAttribute` and `IUnion`) in `System.Runtime.CompilerServices`.
- Tar archive format selection and GNU sparse format 1.0 support.
- `Console` support for the `FORCE_COLOR` environment variable.
- TLS handshake hardening and certificate-validation alerts on Linux.
- HTTP/2 automatic downgrade for Windows authentication.

For more information, see [What's new in the .NET 11 libraries](libraries.md).

## .NET SDK

The .NET 11 SDK includes:

> - Smaller SDK installers on Linux and macOS through assembly deduplication, with additional savings in Preview 4 by skipping crossgen for `DotnetTools`-only assemblies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Smaller SDK installers on Linux and macOS through assembly deduplication, with additional savings by skipping crossgen for `DotnetTools`-only assemblies.
```
